ID,Name,Location,Country
c1,Customer c1,Amsterdam,Netherlands
c2,Customer c2,Aveiro,Portugal
c3,Customer c3,Geneva,Switzerland
c4,Customer c4,Bydgoszcz,Poland
c5,Customer c5,Milan,Italy
c6,Customer c6,Portalegre,Portugal
c7,Customer c7,Appenzell,Switzerland
c8,Customer c8,Lublin,Poland
c9,Customer c9,Wroclaw,Poland
c10,Customer c10,Rome,Italy
c11,Customer c11,Dresden,Germany
c12,Customer c12,Zlin,Czech Republic
c13,Customer c13,Wroclaw,Poland
c14,Customer c14,Vienna,Austria
c15,Customer c15,Arnhem,Netherlands
c16,Customer c16,Trieste,Italy
c17,Customer c17,Brno,Czech Republic
c18,Customer c18,Stans,Switzerland
c19,Customer c19,Groningen,Netherlands
c20,Customer c20,Solothurn,Switzerland
c21,Customer c21,Sarnen,Switzerland
c22,Customer c22,Braganca,Portugal
c23,Customer c23,Bordeaux,France
c24,Customer c24,Perugia,Italy
c25,Customer c25,Bratislava,Slovakia
c26,Customer c26,Olsztyn,Poland
c27,Customer c27,Papa,Hungary
c28,Customer c28,Schwerin,Germany
